Revamp Service Bindings docs for RPC (#13252)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/rpc/error-handling.md

---
pcx_content_type: configuration
title: Error handling
meta:
  title: Workers RPC — Error Handling

>   description: How exceptions, stack traces, and logging works with the Workers RPC system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: How exceptions, stack traces, and logging works with the Workers RPC system.
```

---

> # Error handling

Reviewer 2: Is the one paragraph here really worth its own page?

Author: we probably need more here — ex showing what Tail Worker output will look like

## Exceptions

> An exception thrown by an RPC method implementation will propagate to the caller. If it is one of the standard JavaScript Error types, the type and description will be retained, though the stack trace is not.

Reviewer: I have no idea if this is true (@kentonv?):

```suggestion
An exception thrown by an RPC method implementation will propagate to the caller. If it is one of the standard JavaScript Error types, the `message` and prototype's `name` will be retained, though the stack trace is not.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's more accurate to say the type is preserved, than to say the "prototype's `name`" is preserved. You can check the type with expressions like `err instanceof TypeError`, and it will work. You shouldn't be looking at `name`.

I would keep the original text here.

> An exception thrown by an RPC method implementation will propagate to the caller. If it is one of the standard JavaScript Error types, the `message` and prototype's `name` will be retained, though the stack trace is not.

Reviewer 3: Worth noting that the standard JS `AggregateError` type is not fully supported here.

Author: https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/13863
